LP_SOLVE and COLAMD
===================

The directories lib/lpsolve and lib/colamd contain the relevant files
to compile a static version of the LP_SOLVE library.  Here we simply
gather the necessary C source and header files in the LP_SOLVE source
in a single directory.

This can be re-done by running the provided extract_lpsolve.sh script.

Note that the Makefiles are valid for LP_SOLVE version 5.5.2.0,
derived in turn from the information in the lp_solve/ccc script in
the LP_SOLVE tarball.  Updating the source to a newer version may
require modifying the Makefiles.

We separate the compilation of the COLAMD library so as to match how
the library is split in typical system-wide installation (in, e.g.,
Ubuntu 13.10), so that compiling against the distributed LP_SOLVE or
a system-wide installation requires no changes to the required -l
flags.


License and compliance
======================

LP_SOLVE is licensed under the LGPLv2.1.  A copy of the text of the
license can be found in the LICENSE file under the lib/lpsolve and
lib/colamd directories, as well as at:

 http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html

We distribute a partial, verbatim copy of the source of LP_SOLVE,
along with our custom build system.  This can be classified as a
"work based on the library" in the license's terms, and the library
remains licensed under the LGPLv2.1.

The utilities that make use of this library are "work that use the
library" in the license's terms, and they are licensed under our own
license, but can be easily recompiled against a modified version of
the library.

We believe in good faith that our distribution and use of the LP_SOLVE
library complies with the terms of the LGPLv2.1.
